HTTP/1.1 100 Continue

HTTP/1.1 201 CREATED
Server: nginx/1.15.8
Date: Wed, 15 Apr 2020 18:25:03 GMT
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 4536
Connection: keep-alive

{"long_summary":"2018.KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member frm of the KPMG network of independent member frms affliated with KPMG International Cooperative (KPMG International), a Swiss entitya. . RegTech uses technologies such as advanced analytics, robotic process automation, cognitive computing and the cloud to achieve regulatory and compliance outcomes more effciently and effectively. . RegTech is not a new category but : like other applications of technology : it is developing rapidly, driven by increases in computing power, the falling cost of emerging tech and the data. . The industry is now on the verge of RegTech 3.: a move from know your customer to know your data as fnancial institutions start to view risk and regulation as data and prediction problems that can be addressed by technology. . Technologies such as artifcial intelligence and machine learning can enable companies to move from big data to smart data to gain insights into regulatory practices, automate complex reporting, conduct meaningful analysis of critical compliance risk areas and even potentially create an end-to-end  view of compliance. . Digital transformation requires rethink of the whole business model and a redesign that spans the middle and back offce as well as the front offce : including risk and compliance. . When it comes to investing in fntech and RegTech, fnancial institutions can be broadly considered as falling into three categories: defensive, progressive and reinvention. . Progressive companies have moved on to seeking effciencies and customer benefts by automating some processes, making commercial investments and working with third parties to turn rhetoric about putting customers frst into reality. . As RegTech 3.beckons, all the three Cs are on fnancial institutions agendas but those still in defensive mode are most focused on compliance while progressive frms have made the move to deal with costs. . A few global investment banks have entered the reinvention phase that enables them to seek solutions to complexity and uncertainty and make the transition to become data companies. . The pace of regulatory change has slowed but compliance requirements will continue to grow as regulators focus on reforms ranging from supervision to systemic risk and priorities spanning data privacy and consumer protection. . Financial institutions need to reduce cost will see them embrace technology which enables them to increase effciency and productivity in the risk and compliance function. . The potential for RegTech 3.is backed by support from regulators, impetus for digital change, growing levels of investment and a proliferation of startups seeking to meet demand alongside big tech companies. . You dont have to believe the hype : or have made the move to our reinvention category : to adopt RegTech to deal with immediate issues and improve your business. . The company adopted a cloud-based solution that halved the time required for a customer review, improved monitoring of fnancial crime and enhanced the banks understanding of customers business activities. . We also understand how fnancial institutions can use RegTech as a digital transformation enabler, helping them improve customer service, develop new offerings and achieve greater competitive your long-term RegTech strategy and your immediate requirements. . We have close contacts in the RegTech sector : from companies : and can help you fnd the right partner Allows us to automate the execution and compilation of model validation tests in a procedural, standardized, traceable, comparable and repeatable way. . Although we endeavour to provide accurate and timely information, there can be no guarantee that such information is accurate as of the date it is received or that it will continue to be accurate in the future. . 2018.KPMG LLP, a UK limited liability partnership and a member frm of the KPMG network of independent member frms affiated with KPMG International. . ","short_summary":"The industry is now on the verge of RegTech 3.: a move from know your customer to know your data as fnancial institutions start to view risk and regulation as data and prediction problems that can be addressed by technology. . We also understand how fnancial institutions can use RegTech as a digital transformation enabler, helping them improve customer service, develop new offerings and achieve greater competitive your long-term RegTech strategy and your immediate requirements. . ","words_in_lsum":[],"words_in_ssum":[]}
